# phone-price-comparer

### Author  - Senevirathna M.G.T.T.

### (Please download the frontend using the Google docs link provided in the report.)
### Edit : The frontend files are now added to the repository. (Frontend with the modules can still be accessed through the google docs)

One of the challenges that online e-commerce customers face is to compare prices of the same product in different stores and find the best product which gives the value for the money. The software that we need to build is a web based platform which can get the prices and specifications of mobile phones from different online stores and compares those in one single place. So that the user will be able to compare and contrast different prices and specifications of mobile phone in a single store and buy the best one without going into different websites. The users should be able to create accounts on this platform. But, software should allow users to see the prices and specifications of mobile phones even though the user is not logged into the system. If the user is logged in to the system, he should be able to save his favourite mobile phones and brands to check later on. The mobile phones should be categorized into categories and user should be able to perform a global search query to retrieve the products. When user clicks on a product, it should show the different prices and offers provided by different stores. The application should be able to integrate with existing e-commerce stores to fetch the latest prices and offers provided by each. The application also should expose an API to anybody who wants to integrate their shop with our platform. The end user should be able to subscribe to a product so that whenever a new offer is available for the product, he will get an email notification.
